Please simulate a Best Fit memory block allocation algorithm.

Your program runs without command line arguments. For example, your program may run like "./P5.exe".

At the beginning, we have a linked list of 1024 nodes, each contains a free memory block of 1024
Bytes. The linked list node should contains both block id and free memory size. For Best Fit
policy, your linked list needs to be sorted in the ascending order of the memory block size. 

Your program starts by reading a list of memory requests from a file named "requests.txt", which
consists of a list with two types of requests:
A：Allocation of a memory region of a particular size. For example, "A 1 512" specifies a
request with id of 1 for an allocation of 512 Bytes memory block. Request Id starts from 1 and
increases incrementally.
R: Release of the memory requests by a particular request id. For example, "R 1" releases
the memory allocated back to the identified memory block.

When processing each request, the program should locate the "smallest" memory block that
exceeds the requested size and then update the linked list node's size. Note that the new size
may have to be moved to an earlier position in the list to maintain the ascending order.

For allocated memory blocks, you should maintain a separate "allocation linked list", with each
node containing the request id, block id, and memory size. It's a good idea to sort this linked list
by the request id so that at the time of receiving a release request, you can identify the memory
block, remove the node from the allocation linked list, and then return the size back to the free
memory block linked list. After that, the linked list may need to be adjusted to keep the ascending
order by size.

Your program should keep running without crashing. If a request cannot be served due to a
failure of finding new blocks, then a message should be printed out

Implementation Requirement:
Only Linked list will be accepted.
No STL List allowed.

Testing
Your program should print the following messages at run time:
Allocation such as "512 bytes have been allocated at block 5 for request 1".
Release such as "512 bytes have been returned backed to block 5 for request 1".

At the end, write to a textfile named "final_size.txt" with size of each node in the free memory
block linked list.
